# PHYSICAL COMPUTING - WEEK 2 #

### IN-CLASS EXERCISE ### 
In Thur. class, we tried out some basic circuits:  
- light up the embedded led (which connects to pin7);  
- Adding the photosythesis as a switch for the led light. 

https://github.com/Berkeley-MDes/tdf-fa23-YanruQ/assets/142960866/b1f6fa47-e516-4d3f-9a78-82a2630d18d7


https://github.com/Berkeley-MDes/tdf-fa23-YanruQ/assets/142960866/2528241f-9bbd-48f5-bae1-9ec86fb1b4c5

### IDEATION ### 
Our team was working on the theme of **MOBILITY**. We briefly broke it down into two directions: 1) a mobile device; 2) a device that helps with the user's mobility. Most of the ideas we generated were around the first direction, a detachable and easy-to-carry device. The time was a little bit too intense for coming up with a decent concept (not enough time for research and defining the problems). I also think there are too many restrictions as we categorized them; at the same time, it's also good to have these limitations. Otherwise, the topic would expand too broadly to tackle.   

In terms of the schedule, I wish we could break down into small sessions where people can share their concepts verbally or visually so we could form groups together in class. Another thing I felt restricted while doing this ideation exercise is that I kept thinking about solutions not done by physical computing. I hope there will be more guidance on how we form ideas related to physical computing and what interactions we can achieve using this microcontroller.
### ADRAIN FREED ### 
It's inspiring to see those wired fabrics and to observe how these microcontrollers could possibly be attached to soft textiles. His lecture provides an overview of what we can do with soft textures; however, there's no detailed introduction to the function of each microcontroller and the way their functions associate with the projects. I didn't get the chance to take any pictures. I was kind of expecting him to talk more about the instrument, that guitar he brought to class, but because of the limitation of time, there are many things we didn't cover during the lecture. Other than feeling that this is a perplexing domain, I have no idea how I should approach it if I want to do it on my own.
