# PHYSICAL COMPUTING - WEEK 4 #

### Loud Rabbit ### 
Based on the feedback we revieved from last session, Our group revised the project concept in order to fulfill the requirment of creating a connection between two devices. Basically, we are giving two different modes of movement to a movable characer(with wheels)which we named "rabbit." While this "rabbit"is in friendly mode, it moves towards people. On the other hand, when it's in shy mode, it will escape from people, the wheel will spin the other way. To switch between these two mode, idealy we would have a remote control panel sending signal to the cloud. For more details on project, plz references our [Group Working Document.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oREt3QhQ7pDDCuTGPXe20IIZVOcS32vBaa5nMyFI_4o/edit?usp=sharing) 

### SERVO MOTOR### 
I started with the movement of servo motors and learnt from this [Servo Motor Tutorial from Paticles](https://docs.particle.io/reference/device-os/api/servo/attach/) The key information I got from this exercise is that the signal goes to pins that have PWM. **"on the Photon, Servo can be connected to A4, A5, WKP, RX, TX, D0, D1, D2, D3"**

https://github.com/Berkeley-MDes/tdf-fa23-YanruQ/assets/142960866/761fab81-55c4-4963-ad3c-0af4c6acc681


I am still working on controling the spinning direction. I've tried **wheelleft.write(-30);**, but the motor didn't spin counterclockwise. Also, curious about how to activate two motors at the same time. 

### SERVO MOTOR + ON/OFF BUTTON FOR BATTERY ### 
My intention is to use a push botton to activate the movement of the motor, but the only switch we have in kit is this on/off button, and I didn't noticed it's designed for out-source battery only. I encountered some stupid question with connecting but finally figure it out. Not sure about whether we will include this for final prototype but this was one practice I've done. 


https://github.com/Berkeley-MDes/tdf-fa23-YanruQ/assets/142960866/7afe1097-980a-4a88-96c8-cfb30c0197c1

**Reflection**: There's limited time for us to experiment with these electronic components. The requirement to establish communication between devices makes it even more challenging. As it's a group project, we also spend a significant amount of time settling down ideas and aligning them with the project requirements. In the process, I felt a lot of time pressure, and my curiosity was stifled. I am not even confident about what we are going to present next week. Creating something magical within a week, plus troubleshooting numerous issues, seems nearly impossible.

### CODE ###   
In this code below, I tried to add two servo and a push button to switch between two different movement states of the motors. Because I don't have extra servo motor or a push button, I can't test whether it'll work or not, but my team were plannng to work on this together furing Thursday session (Fritzing could also help with this). 
> Servo wheelleft;  
Servo wheelright;  
int pos = 0;
int button = D2;  

>void setup()  
{  
  wheelleft.attach(D1); 
  wheelleft.attach(D3);  
  pinMode(button, INPUT_PULLUP);  
}

>void loop()  
{  
  int buttonState = digitalRead(button);  
if(buttonState == LOW) {  
  wheelleft.write(30);  
  delay(100);
}
if(buttonState == HIGH) {  
  wheelleft.write(0);  
}  
}    
### To Do List ### 
- Deciding which motor to use: servo/DC (purchased DC motors already for test)
- Writing code for controling two motors and turning in two different directions.
- Figuring out the sensors interaction (PIR sensor/Ultrasonic sensor?)
- Combining motors with buzz (when "rabbit" escapes, it generates noisy sound.)
- Creating the cloud database (have absolutely no idea on how to make this happen)
- Designing the structure that holds motors, buzz, distance sensors and batteries.
